Restructure part1 (focusing on the quickstart menu) (#317)
TalonCommunity/Wiki: docs/Help/FAQ.md

### What hardware should I have?

> Check out the [hardware](/docs/Resource%20Hub/Hardware/hardware.md) page for microphone and eye tracker recommendations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [hardware](../Resource%20Hub/Hardware/hardware.md) page for microphone and eye tracker recommendations.
```

### Are languages other than English supported?

They're being worked on, join [Talon Slack](https://talonvoice.com/chat) and find a channel for your language to see how it's going. If you are in the beta program, you can configure the WebSpeech API for dictation in other languages.

### How can I make Talon recognise me better?

See the page [Improving Recognition Accuracy](../Resource%20Hub/Speech%20Recognition/improving_recognition_accuracy).

### How can I contribute?

While Talon is closed source, there's plenty you can do to help:

- https://speech.talonvoice.com/ Extend the voice data set used for speech recognition training.
- Publish your Talon commands on Github for others to share. Consider contributing back to the [Talon Community](https://github.com/talonhub/community) user file set. Publicly shared file sets are [searchable using this search engine](https://search.talonvoice.com/search/).
- Report issues at https://github.com/talonvoice/talon/issues
- Add more to these docs :)

### Troubleshooting

> Checkout the [troubleshooting](../Resource%20Hub/Speech%20Recognition/troubleshooting) for solutions to common problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Troubleshooting](../Resource%20Hub/Speech%20Recognition/troubleshooting) page includes solutions to common problems.
```
